docs(tem): quickstart and how-tos (#942)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-services/transactional-email/how-to/manage-email-activity.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to manage your email activity
  description: This page explains how to manage your email activity
  h1: How to manage your email activity
  paragraph: This page explains how to manage your email activity
dates:
  validation: 2022-11-07
  posted: 2022-11-07
---

> This page shows you how to display your email activity and filter your emails using the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page shows you how to display your email activity and filter your emails using the [Scaleway console.](https://console.scaleway.com/)
```

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/).
  - You have [configured your domain(s) with Transactional Email](/managed-services/transactional-email/how-to/configure-domain-with-transactional-email).
  - You have [verified](/managed-services/transactional-email/how-to/add-spf-dkim-records-to-your-domain) your domain(s).
</Message>

## How to display your email activity

> 1. Click **Transactional Email** in the Network section of the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/) side menu. Your domains display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Transactional Email** in the Managed Services section of the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/) side menu. Your domains display.
```

2. Click the domain for which you want to track the email activity. You are redirected to the **Email activity** tab.
3. Click the eye icon next to your domain to get more detail about your email activity. Your domain’s email activity page displays.

<Message type="note">
 Your domain’s email activity page displays information such as:
 - the status of your email
 - the sender of the email
 - the number of attempts made to send your email
 - your domain’s recent events
</Message>

## How to filter your email activity

> 1. Click **Transactional Email** in the Network section of the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/) side menu. Your domains display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Transactional Email** in the Managed Services section of the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/) side menu. Your domains display.
```
